Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Once upon a time, there was a man who had
two sons.
The younger of the two sons said to his
father, Father, give me my share of the
estate now.
The father, who was generous in
understanding, agreed and divided his
wealth between his two sons.
Both sons received a share of the estate.
The younger son, who wanted to explore
the world, took his share of the estate
and went to a distant country.
There, he spent all his money on reckless
living, enjoying the pleasures of life
without thinking about the future.
He wasted his inheritance on lavish
purchases, which he could not afford if
he wanted to live long.
After he had spent everything, a severe
famine arose in that country.
The younger son found himself in need.
He started to work for a citizen of that
country, who sent him to feed pigs.
He was so desperate that he would have
gladly eaten the food that the pigs were
eating, but no one gave him anything.
In his misery, the younger son came to
his senses.
He thought, I've got to return home.
How many of my father's hired servants
have food to spare
, and here I am starving to death
.
I will go back to my father and say to
him, Father, I have sinned against heaven
and against you.
I am no longer worthy to be called your son.
Make me like one of your hired servants.
So he got up and went to his father.
While he was still a long way off, his
father saw him and was filled with compassion.
He ran to his son, embraced him, and
kissed him.
The son said to his father, Father, I
have sinned against heaven and against you.
I am no longer worthy to be called your son.
But the father said to his servants, Quick!
Bring the best robe and put it on him.
Put a ring on his finger and sandals on
his feet.
Bring the fattened calf and kill it.
Let's have a feast and celebrate
.
For this son of mine was dead and is
alive again.
He was lost and is found.
So they began to celebrate.
Meanwhile, the older son was in the field.
When he came near the house, he heard
music and dancing.
He called one of the servants and asked,
What's going on?
The servant replied, Your brother has
come home, and your father has killed the
fattened calf because he has him back
safe and sound.
The older brother became angry and
refused to go in.
So his father went out and pleaded with
him, Look!
All these years I have been slaving for
you and never disobeyed your orders
.
Yet you never gave me even a young goat
so I could celebrate with my friends.
But when this son of yours, who has
squandered your property with prostitutes,
comes home, you kill the fattened calf
for him.
I'm much better than he is.
I've been the most obedient child you've had.
The father replied, My son, you are
always with me, and everything I have is yours.
This time we had to celebrate and be
glad, because this brother of yours was
dead and is alive again.
He was lost and now is found.
And you know I love you both equally,
don't you?
Well, perhaps, said the oldest son.
So always remember that, I love you both
equally, said the father.
So always remember, take this ride.
On the other side, Come on look.